Expand documentation for reduce_agg (#21241)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/aggregate.rst

    for each input value. In addition to taking the input value, ``inputFunction``
    takes the current state, initially ``initialState``, and returns the new state.
    ``combineFunction`` will be invoked to combine two states into a new state.

>     The final state is returned. Throws an error if ``initialState`` is NULL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The final state is returned. If ``initialState`` is NULL, an error is returned.
```

Reviewer: I agree with you about active voice as a best practice for writing. I don't feel this is a big deal either and I am okay with your decision. 

To explain my thoughts here: I rephrased the sentence to emphasize the condition that the error happens when ``initialState`` is NULL. By presenting the condition first, the reader can identify if the rest of the sentence applies to their situation. 

Thanks for the discussion!

    The behavior is undefined if ``inputFunction`` or ``combineFunction`` return a NULL.

    Take care when designing ``initialState``, ``inputFunction`` and ``combineFunction``.

>     These need to support evaluating aggregation in a distributed manner using partial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These must support evaluating aggregation in a distributed manner using partial
```

    aggregation on many nodes, followed by shuffle over group-by keys, followed by

>     final aggregation. Given a set of all possible values of state, make sure that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    final aggregation. Consider all possible values of state to ensure that
```

>     combineFunction is `commutative <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commutative_property>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``combineFunction`` is `commutative <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commutative_property>`_
```

    and `associative <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Associative_property>`_

>     operation with initialState as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    operation with ``initialState`` as the
```

    `identity <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_element>`_ value.

     combineFunction(s, initialState) = s for any s

     combineFunction(s1, s2) = combineFunction(s2, s1) for any s1 and s2

     combineFunction(s1, combineFunction(s2, s3)) = combineFunction(combineFunction(s1, s2), s3) for any s1, s2, s3

    In addition, make sure that the following holds for the inputFunction:

>      inputFunction(inputFunction(initialState, x), y) = combineFunction(inputFunction(initialState, x), inputFunction(initialState, y)) for any x and y

Reviewer 2: Do you want to give an example like the problematic SQL we saw https://github.com/prestodb/presto/issues/21177 to illustrate this ? That might be helpful.

Author: I'm hesitant to add wrong example. Sometimes folks just copy-paste without reading the text around...

    for each input value. In addition to taking the input value, ``inputFunction``
    takes the current state, initially ``initialState``, and returns the new state.
    ``combineFunction`` will be invoked to combine two states into a new state.
    The final state is returned. Throws an error if ``initialState`` is NULL.
    The behavior is undefined if ``inputFunction`` or ``combineFunction`` return a NULL.

    Take care when designing ``initialState``, ``inputFunction`` and ``combineFunction``.
    These need to support evaluating aggregation in a distributed manner using partial
    aggregation on many nodes, followed by shuffle over group-by keys, followed by
    final aggregation. Given a set of all possible values of state, make sure that
    combineFunction is `commutative <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commutative_property>`_
    and `associative <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Associative_property>`_
    operation with initialState as the

>     `identity <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_element>`_ value.

Reviewer 3: Did you locally generate these docs to ensure they are properly formatted?  I think we're missing `::` here to ensure the below is formatted as code.

Author: I didn't think of formatting it as code. Just copy-pasted from Velox:

https://facebookincubator.github.io/velox/functions/presto/aggregate.html#reduce_agg

Reviewer 3: OK seems fine, thanks!

     combineFunction(s, initialState) = s for any s

     combineFunction(s1, s2) = combineFunction(s2, s1) for any s1 and s2

     combineFunction(s1, combineFunction(s2, s3)) = combineFunction(combineFunction(s1, s2), s3) for any s1, s2, s3

    In addition, make sure that the following holds for the inputFunction:

     inputFunction(inputFunction(initialState, x), y) = combineFunction(inputFunction(initialState, x), inputFunction(initialState, y)) for any x and y

>     Check out `Velox blog post about reduce_agg <https://velox-lib.io/blog/reduce-agg>`_ for

Reviewer 3: Let's just directly add whatever context is necessary directly in the technical documentation.  Although it might seem hard to believe, you're updating documentation that hasn't been touched since *2018*, so we're looking at a change rate of 6 years.  It definitely seems plausible that Velox site structure may change in the span of 6 years and generate broken links.

Author: This is a very complex topic, so I don't think I can summarize it "quickly". I'm happy to remove the link if you think it is better without.

Reviewer 3: I would remove, as I think what's written here is sufficient for users.  The blog post is very nice but not very relevant for user-facing technical documentation.

Author: @tdcmeehan Removed. Would you take another look?
